# JRS Coding School

Wifi JRS-CodingSchool
Wifi Password: j@ckrussell400

---

##  Welcome

## Introductions
  * Trip, Tom
  * Student introductions
    * Name
    * Hometown
    * Former employment
    * Why are you taking this course?  Why do you want to learn how to code?
    * Hobbies, interests, special skills

## Values

1. Have Fun

> Put everything into to your career and have fun doing it!

2. Drive/Embrace Change

> Understand that everything changes, learn to embrace and even drive change.  Everyone should be a leader!

3. Pursue Learning and Creativity

> Technology requires constant learning, set goals for yourself to learn and become better at your craft.  Learn to tap into your creative resources and apply that creativity to your craft with vigor.

4. Be Passionate and Determined

> Be passionate about your craft and determined to be the best in every way, understand that mastering your craft is a journey and enjoy the ride.

5. Be Humble

> Respect Everyone and treat everyone how you would expect to be treated.

6. Encourage Diversity

> Actively seek out to inspire and engage all people to make the world better.


## Logistics
  * Refrigerator (Drinks are for school events, not students)
  * Building access
    * Building schedule and after hours.
  * Garage access

## Rules 

* Attendance - Attendance will be taken. Local students must be present in the classroom. Why? Your fellow students are your support system.  Team building.  Emergency exceptions, only.  Childcare, traffic, etc. do not count.
* Trust - Trust the instructors, approach, curriculum, and technologies.  Once the course starts, the time for debate on these things is over. We don't have time to go down rabbit trails.  The discussion will not veer off topic if the timing isn't right.  Do the prescibed exercises.  Participate with your partner, team, class.  Don't go rogue. 
* Positive Attitude - You will be pushed and the course is difficult in places. You will doubt yourself, this course, the instructors. Keep a positive attitude.  Be patient with yourself.
* Waves - Learning is not linear.  You will not fully grasp every concept the first time.  Be patient with yourself.  We will use repetition. With each pass or wave, you will gain a better understanding of the concepts.
* Stuck?
  * Spinning your wheels is a waste of your time, money and energy.  Ask for help!
  * Asking for help is HIGHLY ENCOURAGED
    1. Ask your neighbor
    2. Ask your team
    3. Ask Slack  
    4. Ask your instructor
  * Describe the problem - Describing your error in this way provides enough information to those helping you troubleshoot. Also include screenshots and links to your repository as well.
  * Track the problem in a journal.  Note the soluton in the journal. 
  * Beware of the internet and "Stay in the fairway"
  * The internet is great but it is noisy and it's hard to discern the good information from the bad.  We provide a strong signal to building web applications.

## Slack 
 * Send your email address to trip@jackrussellsoftware.com and tom@jackrussellsoftware.com.
 * Sign up for the free plan on codepen: https://codepen.io/signup
 * Sign up to Slack. https://slack.com/
 * We will email you an invite you to the Slack jrscode channel.
 * Check your email for the Slack invite and join the channel.
 * Using @here, @channel, direct message
 * Using markdown - bold, italics, code, code blocks


